Add Contact Points Tracking (#3162)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/supervisor.md

*get the contact point with given index in the contact point list of the given solid.*

The `wb_supervisor_node_get_contact_points` function returns a list of contact points.

The `wb_supervisor_node_enable_contact_point_tracking` function forces Webots to stream contact point data to the controller.
It improves the performance as the controller by default uses a request-response pattern to get data from the field.

> The `sampling_period` argument determines how often the field data should be sent to the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sampling_period` argument determines how often the contact point data should be sent to the controller.
```

---

### Contact Point

A contact point object is defined by the following structure:

%tab-component "language"

%tab "C"

```c
#include <webots/contact_point.h>

typedef struct {
 double   point[3];
 int      node_id;
} WbContactPoint;
```

%tab-end

%tab "C++"

```cpp
#include <webots/Camera.hpp>

namespace webots {
  typedef struct {
    double  point[3];
    int     node_id;
  } CameraRecognitionObject;
}
```

%tab-end

%tab "Python"

```python
{
  'point': float(3)
  'node_id': int
}
```

%tab-end

%tab "Java"

```java
import com.cyberbotics.webots.controller.ContactPoint;

> public class CameraRecognitionObject {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public class ContactPoint {
```
